alright YouTube here we have some boxes
deck boxes and card sleeves these are
right from Japan we got them on Friday
so these are the sleeves there's some
magic sighs leave to you go sighs
sleeves we already sold the other ones
uh and then your deck and then deck
boxes so let's start off with the deck
boxes this is a double deck box you
don't know what's in it look them up
online very cool sub box number one is
one hundred dollars box number two has a
divider in it its twenty dollars all the
rest of the rest of the box or twenty
dollars box number 3 box number for
these two our number for the same box
from the anime working it's a they have
dividers number five it's also from
working has a divider my box is six and
seven are fatter than the other boxes
you all see you like to get a comparison
here it's going to be hard to show but
like here's what I mean yeah it's not
it's not quite double the size but it's
a little bigger but they don't they do
not have dividers in them so here's the
front back which one was this one two
three four five all right number six
number six
number seven it's kind of a clear box
step pictures in the top and bottom of
it as well hard to see this one does not
yeah alright so let's move to the
sleeves these are the magic magic the
gathering sized sleeves we'll start here
sleeve sleeves number one number two the
basis already sold number three number
four and number five and six these are
you do sighs sleeves they all go for
twenty dollars there is 60 sleeves in
this 65 sleeves on this one 65 sleeps in
this 60 60 and 60 sleeves that is not
price so if you're interested PM me to
twenty dollars of peace and I'm on a
strict ship you pay first send first you
send me the money and then I will send
you this product with your return
address no big deal trust me I don't eat
it I don't need all this room myself I
already already i took the best-looking
boxes for myself at least in my opinion
i took i mean if you want if you want to
pay me more for these since I like them
my my box one of them and then the
second one
they're really sweet boxes here's what I
mean uh they have dividers like this is
a full 60 card magic deck with that
sleeved here's the divider something
like this Oh matches the box for the
most part front of the box not all of
them are like that at least I wouldn't
assume because in this box here with my
yugioh deck the divider is a like this
so I got to let you know the this does
have dividers and it obviously it's two
boxes with each one of them has a
divider yeah I you can go on go on
youtube just search for them very cool
is the unexpensive box but they it's
because they stick from what I've heard
they stopped making these so is really
difficult to get and so we jumped at the
chance to pick one up so one more
run-through on them these sleeves might
be for sale later have them on hold for
a friend but check back on them if you
like them they'll be sleeve number what
1246 this is its sleeve number seven
sleeve number seven but they're on hold
as well as this box is also on hold that
if you act quick I can't hold it forever
box number to this one so here you go PM
me for make me an offer twenty bucks
everything is twenty bucks apiece except
the double duck the double deck box
that's the only a really expensive one
so there you go